# slurm-script-example

This repository is an example for how to set up scripts to submit an array of SLURM jobs (all running the same program) each with their own initial parameters.

## The Basic Pieces
- ```slurm_starts.sh``` is the BASH script that will submit the SLURM jobs. It contains the location to the template directory and the file that contains each run name and its initial parameters. This script is submitted to the SLURM scheduler and run by *each* job in the array.

- ```make_wds.py``` is the python script that handles reading the initial parameters file and copying the template directory to generate the new working directories.

- ```params.txt``` is the initial parameters file. Each line contains the run's name and its three initial parameters.

- ```prog_run.sh``` is the program run script. This script is what is used by ```slurm_stars.sh``` to run the program. In this example (running a python program), it is very simplistic.

- ```template_wd``` is the template directory that contains the python program and its template initial parameters file.

- ```template_wd/example_prog.py``` is the python program. This program numerically solves the equations of motion for projectile motion until the projectile hits the ground ($y_f\approx 0$). All the relevant data is output to ```output.data``` This program was generated by AI as it is just an example.

- ```template/initial_conditions.txt``` is the template initial parameters file. This file is read by ```template_wd/example_prog.py``` to generate the simulation. It contains the placeholder values '```PARAM1```', '```PARAM2```', and '```PARAM3```' which are to be changed by the ```make_wds.py``` script in the new run directories.